thanks for watching I was it be makin
and tonight and we teach you how to make
a quick easy and sophisticated p foodage
that will really impress you and yours
maccabiah that's great for fishermen
students over four weeks eh who will
also be serving it with garlic toast
don't ask me how to get out very group I
looked it up one day and it is a portal
tongue twister the Greeks of efficient
commercialism ancient times they were
first one to do it so most immense or
any additions have a routine routine
like the Italian Pescatore the French
oui avec all kinds of great dishes like
that now it's very important especially
when following a recipe to help all of
your ingredients in easy reach measure
it out and have most of your night
effective there's nothing where it's
been getting your oil in the pan
chopping you're ready now your eyes are
crying from the onion and then you go ad
run into the pan come back chop your
garlic by the time you smashed peel chop
you go back to the pan put you look at
your recipe one more time just to be
sure it says don't brown onions but when
you go to the pan your onions are brown
usually I wait to chopped fresh herbs oh
until right before I'm about to use them
because once you Bruce the leaves they
tend to wilt and turn around fairly
quickly now keep in mind i'm only making
two to three servings so if your family
is larger than right feel free to double
or triple the recipe so the ingredients
are a loaf of your favorite bread I'm
using ciabatta because it's my favorite
the garlic toast quarter pound of
spaghetti this is the whole town that I
can do the math olive oil for drizzling
over your toast and for more of a
European six whole garlic cloves cut in
half stay away from the jarred stuff
though it's just most French I found
that that are vacuum-sealed to maintain
freshness and moisture so if you're not
big on the peeling it smashing on the
garlic this is slowly for you once small
like it and chopped you can use red
round white shallots if you have a
quarter of federal whole system washed
rinsed and chopped in Lyra thickly
however you like the film we're going to
it because my fiancé and I are very
sensitive a pound of white fish I'm
using a mixture
bay scallops calamari and Icelandic
white you can use whatever you want
you can use shrimp to make a shrimp stew
or you can use six fish if you want does
it really stay away from special
expanding know they're very dominant and
willfully take over the place when using
half of a 14.5 alcan of Italian recipe
diced tomatoes no salt and acid added to
them but basil garlic and regular
Hopkins and use their juices to 1 cup of
tomato sauce you can buy one at the
store or you can use your own have a cup
of white wine but if you don't like or
have wine go ahead and use a quarter cup
of white vinegar splash of lemon juice 1
tablespoon of tomato paste for
thickening and a whole bunch of herbs
I've got a dry pehli dried oregano fresh
thyme a pinch of saffron threads that I
ground up myself and 1 teaspoon of
crushed red chili flakes you can add
more later but once you put them in you
can't take the heat out to be very
careful with them fresh Italian
flat-leaf parsley for garnish and as
always salt and pepper to rant all of
the flavors now everyone uses different
salts at home but for this dish I think
it's great to use sea salt to stay true
to that Mediterranean Flair plus the
fish loses some of its natural salt when
you clean it and the sea salt almost
helps restore some of that fresh ocean
flavor now roll up your sleeves wash
your hands pull up your hair if you had
any and let's get started we're two
tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil
and your favorite medium sized saucepan
bring about three quarts of water to a
boil for your spaghetti about halfway
there and make sure your oven is
preheated at 350 degrees for your garlic
sauce and then there your pan becomes
warm go ahead and add the garlic fennel
and kick them until they all become
fragrant will be about two minutes or so
method is most beautiful unfortunately
though you have to remove the garlic
defeated this dish is not having
wenching overpower desert and garlic is
definitely a strong flavor so you have
to pull it up all right that's all
cooking up nicely drizzle your friends
with your olive oil and pop it into the
head for a softer red leave it in 45
minutes but for a crispier crust you can
even leave it in for up to 10 and that's
almost as long as it takes to clip the
students so the time is perfect
be careful
eight minutes is good for me back to the
stove add your spaghetti to your boiling
water and make sure to stir it often
that way it doesn't all get stuck
together you got with big castle one go
ahead and carefully remove the garlic
from your pan using a slotted spoon
not everything just the garlic and that
makes this it's time to add our tomato
sauce be careful your pan sauce you
don't want any of this liquid to come up
in get you off of our can of diced
tomatoes get that juice that's where all
the flavor is pressure and dried herbs
our white wine
I love cooking with wine
flash a lemon juice
and you may or may not need the tomato
paste but i'm going to add it anyways
just because i really love the flavor a
little more why not hit the rest of
these herbs to go ahead and bring it to
a simmer not a boil if you bring it to a
boil the liquid will get far too hot and
the fish will cook way too quickly and
they'll become very remember and we
don't want that doesn't that look
wonderful oh my god I love this Wow the
few tiny threads of Shaffer and I added
are so fragrant already saffron is
prized around the world it's very
expensive so you won't find it in most
households although I've read that it's
very easy to grow and maintain so hey
maybe I'll give it a shot historically
saffron was used for dives of fabric
hair it's been known to be an
aphrodisiac and apparently it's really
good in black or red tea try adding a
single thread just to give you a nice
calm relaxing night stir my spaghetti
almost done and check out my toast my
timer went off it's almost golden brown
I'm going to leave it in for just
another minute